WIP: Update xCluster docs for DDL replication (#26395)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/preview/deploy/multi-dc/async-replication/async-replication-transactional.md

- Global ordering guarantee. Transactions are visible on the target side in the order they were committed on source.

Transactional xCluster provides the capability to:

>  - [Switchover](../async-transactional-switchover/): Change the direction of replication without any loss of data. The Primary and Standby univereses are swapped gracefully. Applications that require write access to the data should switch their connecttion to the new Primary universe.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - [Switchover](../async-transactional-switchover/): Change the direction of replication without any loss of data. The Primary and Standby universes are swapped gracefully. Applications that require write access to the data should switch their connections to the new Primary universe.
```

Transactional xCluster can be set up in the following ways:

> - [Automatic mode](../async-transactional-setup-automatic/) {{<tags/feature/tp>}}: Handles all aspects of replication for both and schema changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Automatic mode](../async-transactional-setup-automatic/) {{<tags/feature/tp>}}: Handles all aspects of replication for both data and schema changes.
```

- [Semi-automatic mode](../async-transactional-setup-semi-automatic/): Provides operationally simpler setup and management of replication, as well as fewer steps for performing DDL changes.

> - [Manual mode](../async-transactional-setup-manual/): Deprecated.

Reviewer: Is it worth even including this?
